Back finally in Hollywood, California from our excursion in New York City
and some of the craziest shit we've ever really purported.
Harmontown is now in session!
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden, please. Spencer to the stage.
We missed you, Spencer.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
I can tell you have a weird energy.
You're thinking, uh-oh, dad, dad, dad got a divorce.
No, the shave happens, but this was an absolute accident.
I went drunk into a barber shop in New York.
I did want to get a trim, but I've never gotten a trim from a barber,
so he said, what number? And I said, one.
You just said, aimed in the dark?
Yeah, I looked at his face and said, I'll have what you're having.
He had like a beard, but he was a younger gentleman with black.
So for him, this looks like a beard, but for me, now I look like a strange lab rat
that's going through a George Michael phase.
You know that phase.
But don't worry, dad's fine.
He's still jerking off on mannequin legs and making breakfast,
and everything's going to be fine.
The dogs don't seem too happy.
Nigel keeps shitting everywhere and eating everything, but that's sad.
Does he eat his own poop? Because that would be a self-solving problem.
Yeah, I know, I wish.
Yeah, it's like he's running out of shit to eat.
It's all turning into shit, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Put it in the New Yorker, Harmon.
I know, I thought, well, I do think in all seriousness,
probably there's a, well, I'm not going to blame myself for the bad mood
unless you guys heard us talking shit about L.A. in the New York shows.
Sometimes we go to different cities and we're like, fuck those guys.
We're just kidding.
But if you're like me, you're a little, you're a little,
the wind was taking out of your sails.
There was something about today, even though the shit didn't really go down today,
the shit went down last week, specifically while we were on stage
for one of the shows, you know, the horrible events happened.
But it's just the wake of it all.
I think it hit a tipping point today.
I was like, I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything,
I'm not going to do anything, I'm not going to do anything,
I'm not going to do anything or taking any information
without just feeling fucking apocalyptic about everything.
It just seems like, you know, I stood here and promised everybody
that Trump was a joke and that, you know,
because the Irish were worried about it when Aaron was over there.
And I was like, that guy's not going to wear it.
It's like, this guy's a fucking antichrist.
You just can't, then people keep, you know,
and I don't think you should keep tweeting this stuff
if you discover, oh, 20 years ago Trump was racist
Like, the sad thing about it is it's like, well, what are we, what are we waiting for
the thing where all these idiots are going to go, you know what, you're right, he seems
like a bad guy.
He's appealing to the most basest, fearful, horrible, part of, I'm not going to say the
most horrible people because the thing, the way to fight this is to believe that even
the ignorant have a little Buddha inside of them that we can tickle into the chin and
bring them out, give them a shot of wheatgrass and a pat on the back and just say, look man,
we're scared too, we don't want the country to be broke, but don't fucking surround a
mosque and holding a gun, wearing a ski mask, that's not a protest, what are you protesting?
This is insane, the thing is, it's just getting insane, the airlines like kicked these guys
off, but like, I think that happened to two different airlines, like, and the press is
kind of fucking playing ball with it because they're not just calling it racism now, they're
calling it like religious intolerance and anti-Muslim, it's like, the people didn't
know they were Muslim, they based it on something else, I'm sure, I'm sure if you were an atheist
Arab and someone didn't want to get on a plane with you, they're not like detecting your
religion, they're not fucking academics, what am I, I'm complaining to a very sad choir,
I mean, whatever, but I wanted to acknowledge this.
I feel like the mood was just because it was kind of hot today.
Oh, okay.
Have you guys not been watching the news?
I'm sorry.
It was just really, it was just really warm for mid-late November.
I put me in a bad mood, also, I've just stopped watching the news now, I mean, I'll get it
through bits and pieces, but like, when we got to New York, I got these texts from my
brother and some friends saying, did you hear about what happened and like, are your friends
okay out there?
And I was like, we have to walk on stage right now, so I just put my head in the dirt, like,
which is a terrible thing to have to do, but we better than trying to come up with bits
about it.
We got up to the show and there was, there were 17 NYPD out in front of the theater,
and I didn't notice that, but you told me about that, or someone else told us about it.
There was literally 12, I mean, we had the nut because we were like, how many are they
here?
There's 12.
It's like, can you imagine there were 12 cops basically every single place in New York.
I have to imagine there was like, volunteer.
Well, I think there wasn't the answer.
We said like, like, we're like, are we a, well, yeah, because we panicked a little bit.
We sat down on the green room.
I think it might have been an ad sit that was because we're just like, wow, can you imagine
this is so sad because everybody, you know, the cops are sad.
Like nobody really believes in that moment that there's a threat, but you know, like,
there's no, but, but at the same time, everyone understands that this has to be done now.
And that's what makes everyone sad.
It's just like, oh, our lives have been eclipsed by tragedy and there's nothing we can do.
And even the cops feel that way and the kids feel that way.
And everyone's just like, okay, wave the baton or you go in.
And it was just very morose, sad vibe, but the strange way is also kind of uplifting
because obviously like all of those police, they have to come from somewhere.
So if not, if not, like there must have been volunteers, like putting on NYPD flak jackets.
I don't know if that's legal or I don't think that's, well, I don't know how many fucking
NYPD, but they said they pull out of the reason why they put so many cops in a place is that
because there's more than 500 people in this building and that's, that's there's 8 million
people.
Because there's 700 people in most of the hotels.
It was the counterterrorism.
It was the counter.
So, okay, so, so, so we were sitting in the green room and we're like, I was just operating
on the assumption of like, oh yeah, where are all these cops coming from?
And then I think it was AdSit.
I think it's kind of AdSit when like, do you think maybe it's because they have specific
reason to think there's a threat here and we're like, what, oh, fuck.
And I was like, we just want to feel bad about international tragedy.
We don't want to start being narcissistically panicked about it.
But I wouldn't, I couldn't get that out of my mind.
And then some things happened during those two shows.
A young lady went out and asked the cops like specifically, she's like, would you please
tell us if there's something and they were like, no, no, no, no.
It's every place with over 300 people and blah, blah, blah.
No, I, I, I almost called the counterterrorism unit when you took your pants off at the end
of the second shoot.
I think they almost came up there.
I believe in that moment I was as close as I have ever gotten to being a terrorist.
I certainly was not celebrating freedom or I was, I wasn't rewarding it.
Um, yeah, I don't know.
Jet blue.
Okay.
That's been our show.
Good night, everybody.
I don't know.
What was the picture you posted of the menu?
Was that the, was that a jet blue?
Yeah, I don't, I don't understand that.
Is it looking at my, yeah, I Instagram it.
There's nothing to talk about because I don't fucking understand it.
It's like these menu items on the, those like these little tiny icons and one looks like
a little horse.
And one of them is like a little, either a smaller horse or a dog and it's like each
menu item.
It's like the where you would put like a heart if it was a little cholesterol or something
like that.
So it's like, oh, this one has horse plus dog.
There was a, there was a big horse.
I looked closely at it.
It's the same horse is just smaller, but it was big horse plus smaller horse facing
big horse.
Right.
Yeah.
Which is like a horse plus small horse equals like this little, this little one and a half
horse is, but my, my, my guess on that is it's, there's full or half sized portions
available.
So you, I could, I'm so hungry I could eat a horse or I'm, I'm, I'm a horse so hungry
I could have the full pasta or I'm a, I'm a horse so small I could only have the half
pasta.
All right.
Well, um, you know what, there's nothing, there's nothing on this list that I can't talk
about with our guests tonight who has a heart out and I don't want to cheat them.
So, uh, why don't we, why don't we just bring them up and start chatting.
He's a fantastic, really, really intimidatingly funny guy, uh, that I, I first got to, uh,
taste of, uh, his, his, his in-person talents.
What am I talking about?
What am I, what language am I speaking?
I'm telling me love him.
I do love him.
I was on a podcast with him, um, uh, and, uh, and then, and then he did Harmon Quest, um,
for an episode and he's just a, he's just a wonderful, wonderful, nerdy, really funny
dude.
And, uh, and, and, and he had to come here sooner or later.
So he's here tonight.
Let's bring Thomas Middleditch up.
Oh yeah.
Hello.
Thank you.
For coming.
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
Do you want anything to drink?
Oh no, I'm fine.
I got my, my wow-wow.
Do you have an early, early day tomorrow?
Yes.
Shoot, shoot, shootin' that old TV show, that old rag, Silicon Valley.
Yeah.
They don't tell you, they don't tell you in the biz that you've got to start getting
up at like 5 30 in the morning earlier.
Sometimes it's kind of, are you guys shooting at a studio or you're on location?
Sony Pictures, Motion Picture Studio lot.
Now do you live on?
Over city.
Do you live on the west side, east side?
I live in Hollywood.
So that's, that's a hell of a drive.
That's a nice 45 minute.
Yeah.
At 5 30, it's going to be a breeze.
There's one bar over there.
Yeah.
That's right, Dan.
Story checks out.
Yeah.
Uh, JetBlue can't stand them.
I'm sitting there, you're bringing it up.
I'm like, oh, I hate them.
Oh yeah?
Let's hear your JetBlue.
It's chunk.
It's pretty petty and stupid.
Yeah, you're a first class only flyer.
No, no, I actually am a big fan of Coach.
And uh.
Well then you must feel that JetBlue has now sold out because they have a premium
class now.
Oh, well, yeah, I don't, that I don't know or care about.
Well, welcome to, to Mile High Coveaching, where we talk about, I don't know, where
are you going to say?
Oh, I was just going to say, well, last time I flew them, they were doing, if you want to
order something, I don't know about the horses, but they'd have, you could either get free
snacks, like a bag of peanuts or whatever, and then you could pay money for like essentially
snack packs, which are just packages of smaller packages of snacks.
Those boxes.
There's no sandwiches.
There's no nothing.
So forget it.
Forget sandwiches on JetBlue.
You're only getting packages of smaller packages of snacks.
Well, because they convert, I mean, I don't know if that was always the case.
JetBlue.
Damn.
Thomas, is your hatred of JetBlue a snack-based hatred?
It's purely a snack-based hatred.
You can't, we're in a world where packaging is, we're getting mounds of packaging in this
world, and I can't get a sandwich now because I got to get packages of smaller packages
of snacks.
Not going to do it.
And it is infuriating when you read, so when you read stories like that in Southwest Airlines
there was a little revolt because there were two Arab gentlemen who run a pizza restaurant
in Chicago together or something, and they were holding a box because he had baklava
in it, because that's how terrorists operate.
They get all gussied up in their best Muslim gear, and then they put a bomb in a box, and
they just walk up to the plane, and they go, can I please get on the plane?
And they go, yeah, sure, that's just pizza, right?
Come on in.
And so somebody went up and said, I'm not flying with him.
And then this entire airline, you know, these people who are always high-roading you if
you've had one too many, and you're, as Dino once did, you simply mistake the cockpit door
for the bathroom, and it's locked so you're banging on it.
That actually happened to Dino for real.
He was so drunk that, I wasn't there, but he tells us he was so drunk, he was like,
who the fuck's in the bathroom?
It's been forever, and he's like, banging on the cockpit door.
Very dangerous, a very dangerous thing.
Not a good move.
But it is something extra outrageous about that, because you're always living under the
tyranny of these unremarkables, these threshold guardians who are like, it used to be there
in the hospitality business, and then after 9-11 they became these fucking undeputized
air marshals.
They were like, oh good, no more fucking Mr. Nice Guy, and by the way, never was nice.
And now it's just the tone and all that shit.
And you're always in a bad mood, and you're always hyper aware of the class system, because
there's no good way to do it.
So you're always in a bad mood, and they're in a bad mood, and it's just the worst situation.
And then when you read stories like that, you're going, oh, so also if the shit does ever hit
the fan, you're a fucking traitor to everybody.
You're just a dummy.
What kind of bullshit is that?
If a guy comes up and says, it's been how many years have we had?
That's insane.
That somebody would come up and go, I want to fly with that guy.
It's like, oh, I know how to handle this.
I don't even have to read the manual.
Hey, sir, you're out.
He doesn't want to fly with you.
I'm taking his side.
At one point, they made the guy show his baklava to everybody, and he shared it with them.
Well, he should have brought a knife to everybody.
I love baklava.
Yeah, and all the people shared the baklava with him, and they were like, we're so sorry, but, you know,
racism just got rewarded for it.
I get it.
I mean, that's how my dog works, and how much smarter than my dog are people that 15 years
after 9-11 haven't figured out that fucking, god damn it, don't get me started.
Listen to all the other podcasts if you want to hear about this shit, right?
You come here for automotive tips.
So I understand you got a new Impala you're wrenching on.
Chevy Volt all day, baby.
Dan, on the topic of cars, real quick, Thomas, we frequently gripe about Uber and Lyft on the show.
Okay, why?
Just because funny hypocrisies and things that happen in the car.
I prefer Lyft to Uber. Dan hates Uber, but we'll never go to Lyft.
My driver today had a brand new 2015 Mini Cooper.
Don't care for it.
You don't care for it.
Coopers?
Yeah.
The display is like this giant circle of like crazy digital readouts and all this stuff,
and I go, oh, is this the new one?
My brother has, I think, 2012.
Is this the new one?
He goes, yeah.
I go, do you like it?
He goes, yeah, I like it.
I go, but you don't love it?
He goes, I mean, I like it.
I go, what don't you like about it?
He goes, it's kind of small.
It's a Mini.
Well, it's not just the Mini.
I knew it was a Mini, obviously, from the name.
But then when you get in it, you feel kind of like actively like it's pinning you in.
Like it's doing it to you, like it's putting you in a container for chickens.
You mean, it's cooping you.
It's going, oh!
So even if it was a mega Cooper, you should expect some constriction.
It's my point.
The floor was sprinkled with seed, which was nice.
Feet are glued to the floor of my own feces, and some guy from Tyson Foods keeps clubbing me in the head.
We got to stop eating meat.
It's true.
It's so delicious, but it's so bad.
Dan, are you verging on the vegetarianism all of a sudden?
You got to come.
You got to come over here.
Where are you?
I just switched it over about, well, you're in some change now.
You saw this documentary, Cowspiracy, whole fuck, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Now look, now look, occasionally I'll cheat.
So one day you'll be like, you're eating a fucking sushi, man.
You just told me you don't eat meat.
Now just chill, okay?
Chill the fuck out.
It's like 90% of the time I don't.
But yeah, you got to get out of there, man.
What I think is, you, is Kumail veggie?
No, no, no.
Oh, Zach Woods is.
He looks like a fucking action figure now, but Aziz and Schrab.
Sure.
And then, so there's, what are you miming, Dan?
Well, I just started drinking these Soylent things.
You know what Soylent is?
Like Soylent Green, like human meat?
No, unfortunately they didn't know about that reference when they, I always thought, I always thought it was ironic.
They named it after the 1958 sci-fi book from which that comes.
But the movie, Soylent Green, I think which was also based on that book,
added a few things, including the cannibalism.
That's sweet, sweet human meat.
And so the people that, in fact, the people that named it Soylent were just going like,
doff of the cap to a futuristic drink.
Without ever having seen the 1975 movie where the whole point is like,
the futuristic drink is human flesh.
But I just mistook it for like, ah, it's millennial marketing.
You know, like you walk past a place and it says like Acne Studios,
and you're like, that's the worst name for, I got it, you little brat.
You're cheaping the old man out.
You don't want my paradigms on your paradigms.
They're like, sorry, kid's only old man.
Yeah.
Beat it.
Thomas, what made you cross over?
Oh, it's always annoying to hear about.
I've been vegetarian for 23 years.
Oh, okay.
I'm still vegetarian.
I don't even know what Cowspiracy is because I'm fucking already there.
You're already there.
I wish, I wish I was.
I wish I had been.
I got one of those fucking lip-sits.
Go ahead.
You got a lip-sit?
Sorry.
Bob.
That would be so, no.
I have a story to tell you after this.
Why do I have to say that?
It's not much good.
Go ahead.
Speak.
I'm terribly uncomfortable.
What do I do?
How do Thomas and I focus on our vegetarian story when you have a lip-sit going on?
No, just go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I'm not a narcissist.
I'm a bad person.
And just go.
Lip-sit sounds like an 80s song.
Like, lip-sit.
The lip-sit, it's a painful song that you have upon your mouth.
All right.
Yeah.
Pop, sometimes they're just in grown hair.
Just, you know, pop their hair.
Tell them your veggie origin story.
Well, I mean.
Well, Dan sucks behind you.
Look, you know, I sit here.
I call myself an environmentalist.
I drive my Chevy Volt.
I donate to Sierra Club.
Defenders of Wildlife on all this kind of stuff.
I'm like, here I am trying to save the planet.
And then I didn't even realize literally the worst thing for the planet is animal husbandry.
I didn't know that.
You know, people say, hey, cow farts.
They're pretty bad for the atmosphere.
They're the worst thing for the atmosphere.
Who knew?
Methane.
Really bad stuff.
Guys, it's exciting podcast material.
But, I mean, you know, and not to mention the sewage runoff.
Cows are like literally the worst thing.
Deforestation.
I like cougars and wolves and bears.
They clear rain forests to make room for the farting cows.
Rain forests?
Yeah.
Something like it's one to two acres a second of rainforest throughout space and time.
One second, one to two acres.
And something like 93% of the reason is animal husbandry or feed crops for the animal husbandry.
Fucking man.
Everybody's like, all these fucking me guys are like, what about almond milk, man?
You fucking asshole.
Almond milk.
You know what the worst fucking drought crop is?
Alfalfa.
What do we use alfalfa for to feed cows?
What is California?
Alfalfa, go to China to feed their cows.
God damn it.
And then I tell you what, man.
Can't you hear the song?
It's the sound of angry men.
I stepped this meat shit.
I was like, fucking, I'm out.
I'm out of this meat game.
I don't want to be a part of it anymore.
And then it hit me.
This is a couple weeks later, I was sitting in some hotel room.
I was like, oh my God.
I quit for the environmentalist reason.
But then the death and the sadness hit me.
It's such a horrible industry.
They torture these creatures.
And even if it's in a whole foods farm with pastures and stuff, it's like, here, Betsy,
live this fucking rad life.
Thank you for your time.
Bam.
Slice.
And it's like, I don't ever hunt anything.
I don't even want to kill a chicken.
What am I doing to these animals?
I want them to live.
Dogs are beautiful, right?
We all like dogs.
Pigs are the same as dogs.
Why are we cutting the pigs up?
Why are we forcing them in these little cages where they literally cut off the pig's tail
in front of them so it's so painful when the pig behind them nashes on their tail that
it has to kick the pig behind it.
Otherwise, it's too sad to do anything about it.
And then you get infected tail meat, and then it's a loss in terms of money.
It's not worth it, you guys.
It's not worth it.
It tastes great.
It's not worth it, though.
So, Dan, you have a little zit in your lip?
Yeah.
That's what you're talking about.
It's right on the line, you know?
That's one of those.
That's what you're talking about, the sadness in the air.
I feel that sometimes so crushingly is like, you take a look at the word and you're like,
what are we doing here?
We're spinning around and we're melting each other.
Yeah, because it hurts, but then you...
If you try to pop it.
Tweezers.
It probably is an ingrown here.
Yeah, so I was at Spring Street Lounge in New York, and I was hanging out with some Venezuelans.
And that's not their identity, but they were from there.
One of them was a coder who also does not like Mr. Robot.
Oh, I like Mr. Robot.
Tough titties.
I just watch Fight Club again.
We got a hack into the world.
I love that actor.
Not so bad.
I love the performances.
I love...
There's a lot of great things about the show.
I'm just a shitty fucking petty competitive writer when young writers get attention.
There's some fucking flare up in me that I still haven't overcome.
I'm going to talk to my shrink about it.
I get it.
I do get it.
It's goodwill hunting 30 years later.
Do you have a competition with goodwill hunting?
Yeah, still.
I'm still mad about that.
How do you like them apples?
That like thing.
How is that guy supposed to respond?
Like, why would he ever say yes?
Well, who says yes when you say how do you like them apples?
And if that guy hadn't said yes...
Do you know the line he's talking about?
Yeah, when he gets the number?
Yeah.
When he says yes to it?
And if he hadn't?
No movie.
I don't remember the yes.
Because that guy ends up...
No, just come on.
Let's move on.
But I was...
How good is it?
I was in this bar.
So, and I'm making friends with these gentlemen.
They're very funny and interesting.
One's a coder from Venezuela.
But he was Jewish.
His name was Abraham.
Maybe I'm saying too much information.
Maybe now we can...
He's going to get doxxed.
But he's a coder.
He'll be able to repel the attack.
But the only way you'll know that is with a fucking voiceover.
The other guy was like an accountant.
And I was just getting to know them and talking about it.
And we were having such a good time.
And then the accountant guy started wanting to talk about the politics.
And he was like the thing about the refugees and the Trump and all this stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's not do it.
I've gotten to that age.
I was like, let's not talk about politics.
I was like, yeah.
What should we talk about?
I was like...
And then he started telling me about all the refugees.
What age they should be.
Or they should be sent back.
And all this stuff.
And I'm like, come on, man.
What am I supposed to say to this?
I'm supposed to white-splain to you?
He was a...
I'm not saying he was like a...
He wasn't second generation.
He was like a guy that came here.
And he's like now...
He's in this mode.
And then this Irish guy comes up.
This Irish-American guy.
And he was twirling like a baton.
What's all this about then?
Well, well, well.
I think the two of you should be in school right about now.
No, no.
We're supposed to get barrels to wear for our fishing trip.
We chase so much steel as our clothes.
Fishing in the barrels.
Oh, it's an old-timey day.
It's an old-timey day, isn't it?
No, he was like Colin Quinn Irish.
He sounded and kind of looked exactly like Colin Quinn.
So he pictured that archetype.
His voice sounded...
I said, you sound like fucking Colin Quinn.
He's like, hey, what about the Irish?
He just heard inflammatory language and was attracted to it.
Like a bee and a picnic when the soda comes open.
He was just like, hey, what about the Irish?
But it wasn't like we were going down this stuff.
The ethnic group was bad.
He just was just...
It was like he wasn't responding to anything.
He was just starting it.
And then I was like, I had nothing about the Irish.
Those guys were riling each other up,
but they liked each other because they were both like these hardliners.
And then the Irish guy turned out to be a vet.
So now you're fucked.
Veterinarian or vet?
No.
The kind you can never disagree with about anything.
Like you can tell a veterinarian that cats shouldn't be put to sleep,
but you can't fucking talk.
Politics with a guy who is in the shit.
He gets to be right about everything.
That's why I don't want to talk about politics in a bar
because somebody will come over with like one leg and go like,
fuck you, I'm right about everything.
And you're like, you are, you're right.
But you're also saying weird shit, you know?
But like...
So anyways, I just want to say all these guys were nice guys.
This isn't a story about how I was just going to a nightmare.
This is the point of my story.
Has this ever...
I mean, this is like, I don't know if this is a New York thing or what,
but this was the weirdest thing.
Because the guy was like, you know, he had that machismo,
that Colin Quinn machismo.
And you guys are like, Colin Quinn's 90.
Well, when I was your age, Colin Quinn had machismo.
Now Colin Quinn's like, I'm going to write him a letter.
Dear fucko.
Me and Jim Norton are going to come over
and say very funny things that are going to make you feel bad.
Dear Colin Quinn, now you sound like Christopher Lloyd.
Dear fucko.
I don't care who I sound like.
I'm a vet.
So we're just talking, and hang on,
and the Irish American, Iraq war veteran,
he starts squinting at me while I'm talking.
And he goes like, what is this?
What is this?
You get some kind of...
And he said he had some phrase.
He had some like, it was some kind of nickname for something
that I've never heard.
He goes, I've got a hoochie-coochie or something like that.
He said, blig-a-duber or something.
And he says some word that was gibberish to me.
And he's pointing at the back of my neck.
And I'm like, what do I have in the back of my neck?
And he's like, I think he's...
Because I thought, well, if there's much on my neck,
I can get it off, I guess, because he's already reaching for it.
Would I have a spider on my neck?
And he grabs it and he pops a zit for me.
And I was like, oh!
And then he wipes it with his finger.
Like, he was like...
Well, I don't mean like, smears it on me.
I mean like, respectfully.
Like, he was like, grooming me.
Like, he wasn't bullying me.
He was like, grooming me.
So you had a popable, visible zit.
And he fucking reached out.
I'll take care of that.
Like, I was like, his kid or something.
You were like, for a second, like a foxhole brother.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And I said, it was just one of those moments, right?
Because it was like, ow!
And then it was like, but it was so clearly not at all like...
It was the opposite of what you'd be afraid of
in an encounter with that guy.
Because that guy reminds you of just opposition
and all this stuff.
And the guy was just like belligerent and jingoistic
and narcissistic and bragging about it.
His combat and like wanting to talk about
all the different races and all this stuff.
And it was like, all of that you associate with,
like, you know, this is all bad,
but really it all boils down to, this is all usually bad
because usually it's a symptom of a guy like doing bad things.
You know?
Like, he's going to end up like picking a fight
or hogging the jukebox or something.
You know?
He's going to turn out he was a bass player.
I'm going to listen to his shitty album all night.
Like, like, like...
All right, it's not just because he's a bass player
that the album's shitty.
It's a necessary instrument.
I'm just saying, you know what I'm talking about.
Not to offend any of the bass players.
Of which this entire audience is comprised.
You've been with that guy.
Dino was the guy over at his house.
And the guy said...
He pulled out his iPod and he said,
hey, do you like...
He's like, hey, let me play some stuff.
Do you mind if I do a little DJing?
Okay. He's like, hey, do you like...
Do you like Led Zeppelin?
And Dino's like, yeah.
And he's like, yeah, so does my band.
And played the whole...
There's nothing more...
I can't say when someone plays their music
and then just, like, watches you listening to it.
Yeah.
And I just want to turn to them and go,
I don't think Radiohead ever did this.
I know, I can't imagine.
I think they were...
I think they fucking sucked it up
and waited for people to come to see them.
I have so many questions about the veteran Zipopper guy,
because I know you...
You're not a physical contact fan.
No, no, yeah.
That's the thing.
It was so paternal.
Also, you've talked about the fact that you wouldn't get a massage.
No, this is on paper.
It's my worst nightmare, because it's a big jock.
It's what jocks become,
which is in their highest form,
archetypically, which is a soldier,
which is a guy who's trained to kill.
It's also combined with, like,
he's a right-wing person
who wants to talk about, you know,
how the things that are physical about people
are markers of differences that are unsolvable
and because Italians do this, but the Irish do that.
Everything is like a nightmare about it,
but then he did that one little thing and it was like,
oh, dad.
And then he just says,
you're going to be all right, Boyle.
You're going to be all right.
Your initial physical reaction was not like...
Well, it was shock. I didn't know what was happening.
And then by the time I realized what was happening,
he was, like, gingerly cleaned it, you know?
Like, he popped and then he, like, you know,
he wasn't just like...
Yeah, he was just like...
Someone's fainting in the back.
That's a really intimate thing to do with somebody.
Yeah, I know.
And also, like, in the days of, like,
disease and stuff, yeah.
It's like, wow, wait.
This person's having a...
Is this one person that's just having a...
Tom is like...
What you said was my first thought is, like,
this is what you do when your brothers are in a fox hole
next to you, like, when you're in the shit, like...
Probably you let the zits go.
Right, if they...
I think not with this guy.
I think he probably had his...
You don't have the best skin in the whole army.
There are some people that like to pop zits.
I got to be honest.
My mom is one of them.
She's like, she loved it when we were teens
because she'd be like, give me your back.
And it's like...
That's actually part of the reason I got the story up
is because I knew, when he did it, I also knew
that's part of what mitigated it is because I have...
I once dated a girl who had that thing,
and I was like, it's so fucking weird
because she's like, can I please?
And I'm like, can you please?
Are you sure you're not just trying to impress me?
Not that it would?
Like, like, like, like...
No, I really like it.
Like, like, oh, don't...
Yeah, save them up.
Like, like, I'm not excited.
Like, there are some people who fucking love it.
There's, you know, videos online of people with like...
They're called dermatologists.
You get a facial...
Their favorite thing is the extraction part.
They love...
I always ask them, like, you ever had a facial?
Oh, God, yes.
Yeah.
Oh, I can tell...
What am I, an animal?
Am I savage?
I can tell because your face fairly glows, Thomas.
I have night creams and day creams.
Fuck yeah, you do.
What's your, what kind of...
You got a daily scrub you use?
Oh, no, I stay away from the scrubs that'll dry you out.
Dry you out quicker than a week in the desert.
There's one little epilogue to this story.
That's a good story.
That happens, that's in the midst of this.
It's like, okay, so that was weird.
And it didn't necessarily start liking the guy.
It was just, I just found that kind of profound,
that unexpected things were happening
in an encounter that from the moment that guy came up
and said, what about the Irish?
I was like, this is the fucking worst.
But it didn't, at the straight,
it didn't end the way I thought it would.
I didn't want to hang out there anyway, though.
But the biggest reason I didn't want to hang out there
is because there were four guys sitting over at that
end bar part where we would be if we were all there.
By the Cab Calloway Jive Diction or anything?
And some, I think, they were regulars
or they were older and they were like,
they seemed like literary types or something.
And remember the story about me being mistaken
for a Mr. Grossman, like that was the same bar
because I was wearing a jacket.
These guys all looked like Mr. Grossmans.
And they were like, they were glowering at all of us
the whole time because we were all talking loudly.
And I could hear them doing this running commentary
the whole time.
And they were like, they were nerds
and they were intellectuals because the real reason
I left the bar is because I was getting angry
and angry at them.
Because I wanted to turn to them and go,
why don't you guys fucking cheer up
or go somewhere you can be happy?
Fucking talking to two guys and a fucking,
yeah, he's a fucking Mama Luke.
But he's popping my zits.
What are you doing for me?
What have you done for me lately?
He fought for this fucking country, Jack.
But it wasn't like, there was prejudice
coming from the guys who were probably
the most liberal and intellectual
because they were like, oh, there's these,
here's these types that are going to bring.
They were a shadow that I was casting.
Before I got my zit popped,
I was terrified that certain kinds of people
are going to make your bar experience not right.
And they were sitting there the whole time
just statler and a walled orphan.
And so I boned out.
That's the end of my story about getting my zits.
America.
And as he walked home,
the ghost of future Christmas was like,
you've learned a valuable lesson.
I want to know how many soldiers,
Marines, airmen seem to go out there doing their duty
and just, buddy, you got a thing over there.
Actors, you can probably verify this
unless the community cast is really weird.
But I assumed that was like,
if you watch enough dailies,
there's so much footage of,
because they're sitting there for 12 hours
under hot lights.
They're at each other's mercy.
So they'll just like, like, oh, you got to,
you got to, you got to.
And they're like, oh, can you just get it?
And they're just picking each other's noses and stuff.
No.
Like, like, like.
Stay out of here.
You don't want to, you don't look at it.
You don't want to get in there.
There's too much.
You always think you're going to go in,
get a little treat.
You come out with a full feast.
Too much.
And I hate it.
I hate it when people grab your nose,
when people pinch your nose.
Because there's always a fucking, yeah.
And it digs.
And then I got a nosebleed
because you thought it was so funny.
When people pinch your nose,
when people put your nose,
you got a sharp one in there.
You got a fucking, you got an angular one.
Yeah.
I go, no, no, don't pinch noses.
What are you doing?
Exactly.
It's like, granny, what are you pinching nose for?
No, I agree with that.
Get out of my nose.
But that's not this.
This is actors protecting each other from the,
you know, they're like clearing out each other's natural openings and stuff.
I'm just at my point being,
who God knows what soldiers do after a while,
because even actors,
which is just that little bit of like camaraderie and fatigue,
you know, and reliance on each other,
the behavior already starts to get unrecognizable
from the perspective of the normal world.
Oh, would you be,
oh, what if Dan,
if you found somebody like,
there was a service,
like a spa or something like that,
and you found there was a guy or a woman
that was really into and totally comfortable with
that kind of back extraction kind of service.
Would you be down for that?
No.
It was only because he sneak attacked you and came up and did that.
Yeah.
I wasn't like, oh, thank God he did that.
I'm so happy that got done.
I was just like, it was only just that he defied my
every fucking line that I had drawn for his personality.
I tell ya.
He could have said like,
oh, I love Jenga.
I don't know.
He could have said anything just random.
He turned out to be a human being
and not like this fucking straw dog that I had created
and was trying to figure out how to avoid a fight with.
He wasn't thinking that about me.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have popped my sit.
If he had made decisions about me
and was that adherent to them,
I've been drinking in bars so long
and there's this fucking kind of knucklehead that comes up
and you're just like, no, no, I'm too young.
Life is too short.
Have you ever been scrubbed at a Korean spa?
I used to go to this place called We Spots in Koreatown.
It's really cool.
I loved it there, but I mean, not to get weird
because of this TV show, I can't go there
because I'll just be like nude and chilling out
and somebody will be like, hey, fucking Richard.
I'll be like, I don't like this anymore.
You've ruined it, you've ruined it.
But I used to go there and in the corner always,
there's the full body scrubs where it's,
you're in the spa, you're getting over your hang-ups,
you're like, I'm nude, I'm comfortable with it.
That guy's got the biggest dick I've ever seen in my life.
I don't care.
And then there are these people in the corner
that they're lying on the bed and there's a man,
and then I'm sure a woman in the woman's part,
and they are vigorously full body scrubbing
the man who's lying down with, I guess,
like a sponge and soap and high pressure water
and they're up in their crack.
They're everywhere, legs back and they're ripping around
and they're up in the thing and they're scrubbing the crack
and they're just like, oh, yeah.
And I was like, I've always looked at that with envy
of like, how could you have the security of your own body
to be like, scrub me as hard as you fucking can.
Now, any crevice I have, get in there
and don't push your foot around.
Scrub me, you bitch.
And like, I can't, I can't, I can't.
And another gentleman, you don't know.
Thomas, just surrender to the scrub.
Because the Korean spot, it's like being in the middle
of a really sexy street fight.
Like, you're getting your ass kicked.
No, don't listen to him.
Here's why.
If you have anxiety about that kind of thing,
well, those people that you think are your heroes
in the moment, like, those are the same people that,
you know what else they do really well?
They merge on the freeway.
They don't give a fuck.
Because they have no anxiety.
They have no fear about anyone's judgment
and they kill people.
They fucking murder people.
The first time you get a scrub is by accident.
You don't know.
I'll get the full...
Have you ever had a scrub?
Oh, yeah.
You've had a full scrub?
Fuck yeah.
Have you seen him drive?
Do you use turn signals?
Do you?
Have you seen me merge?
Do you use turn signals?
Oh, I'm like Barishnaka.
Not only do I use turn signals, I indicate.
That's good.
I'm an indicator.
I call them indicators too?
I got flack for calling them indicators.
Yeah.
I've been bullied in calling them indicators.
Well, Dan and my Scottish ex-girlfriend were in Scotland for the holidays a couple years
ago.
No, no, no, no, no.
Scrubs.
What?
Don't try and tell me.
I don't want to know about Scotland.
I don't want to know about how the fuck you have the brass and the audacity to get your
bodice mug.
My first scrub...
My first scrub was a little...
Oh, my God.
You never forget your first scrub, by the way.
I wouldn't know.
The first scrub is the deepest.
It is deep.
They go deep.
Oh, it's fucking...
They get right up in there.
No, it's all hands on dick, those fucking scrubs, man.
No, it's fucking...
But it's really vigorous.
Yeah.
And you're like, oh, my God.
I don't know that...
This might cross a line of my tolerance for not intimacy, but this is really wild.
But the first time I did that, I went with a gal that was a friend of mine, and we went
to Little Tokyo, and they walk all over, and your joints are cracking and popping.
I was trying, like, I faced down, trying to visualize what she could possibly be doing
to make the sensation that was going on.
I was like, does she have 40 elbows?
It was...
Did she call her friends in?
Like, what the fuck is going on?
They're gang scrubbing, man.
Get them!
Wait, so you had a lady scrubbist?
I had a scrub...
A lady scrubber.
Ooh!
Wouldn't fly a weasel.
Are the von traps back there?
I was trying to plus your bit.
Then she was moving a little slow tonight.
But one time I got a gift certificate a long time ago to the Burke Williams in West Hollywood,
which I think is gone, which is like where Crunch is, like on Sunset and...
Crunch.
Like Crescent Heights, right?
So I went in there and...
It's Crunch, near a pump.
Right across the street from Tuft.
There's a dog groomer, it's called Balls, for no reason.
So I go into the spa.
I know that it's routine.
You get a locker, you get a bathrobe.
You can go...
You can choose your own adventure.
I can go into the tub and I can go into the sauna or to the steam room.
Or I can sit and drink, you know, coconut lemon water.
Not coconut, cucumber, whatever.
You can read a book.
And then, but like if you go into any of the facilities, you have a towel or can be naked.
So I go into the steam room and I have my towel and you sit down.
I walk in and there was, let's say, seven, eight guys in there already.
Every one of them was the hottest guy you've ever seen.
Everybody was like, David Beckham's hotter younger brother.
And it was just like, just cock out.
And everyone's just talking like, what are you getting?
I'm getting the semen's return.
It's not semen's, it's called...
The semen's demise?
So what was he going to say?
The semen's repose?
There was one called the Hunter's Retreat.
And so they had all these names, but they were scrubbing involved on the set.
So you Freudian slipped from Hunter to semen.
Well, I was going nautical to be honest with you.
Okay, all right.
That's the connection.
I failed to the show.
And notice that's the second time I said semen already.
This is my alarm, by the way.
Just wrap it up because he's got a heart out and I want to play Shadowrun with him before he goes.
Okay, all right.
But that doesn't mean we're ending the show early.
We're just going to get our guest on.
I was completely intimidated by the...
Everybody was so gorgeous and walking around,
but I found out they ended up having to close that one down supposedly
because it was so sexy in there.
There was lots of shenanigans happening.
Sounds like you're disturbing a place in West Hollywood.
Yes, it was.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm just going to look like that.
That's why they also had to close down balls to dog grip.
Because the dogs are fucking...
Pump is still pumping, though.
It's just full.
Just Jack Russell's walking around with their fucking schlongs wagging as much as their tails.
Jeez, sucking each other's dog dicks.
Let's build this fucking wall.
Dogs would come so hard.
That the other dog would fetch the comb and bring it back.
These are fucking hot, gay dogs.
They shut that place down.
It wasn't a health hazard.
These are the cleanest fucking dogs in the world.
It was a cultural threat because it was fucking changing minds.
Thomas, would you be open for a scrub by a woman's scrub or is it...?
It's very intimate.
I just don't...
Oh, God.
I wouldn't mind getting scrubbed all over and even on the junk in an unsexual way.
I couldn't picture a less sexy thing to be like all over your dick.
I wouldn't get hard in that.
I'd be like...
But it's more about the butt crack.
Are you worried about the...
I would be worried about...
My butt crack will never be clean.
A, I'm worried about a dirty butt hole.
And then my...
I'm being like a too hairy of a butt.
They're like, oh, I didn't expect it.
Those go together.
It will never be clean because it's like a fucking carpet back there.
Yeah.
And at home, if you had in the middle of your living room,
your carpeted living room,
if there was a hole that shit came out of three times a day,
it just wouldn't matter what you did in that room.
Never, ever, ever.
I mean, sweetheart, we got to do something about this carpet.
You ever noticed this?
Shit, three times a day?
They said it was a stain master, but it's a stain creator.
Hey!
Folks, let's bring out D'Morge Brown, who has been...
D'Morge Brown with the greenest pants in town.
It's just green, man.
It's just green pants.
That's all it is.
Look at his haircut, man.
I love it.
Yeah.
Very handsome.
There's no clean up.
There's no non-handsome version.
No, there isn't.
I was going to say, I can't even remember the previous look now.
I just...
I haven't seen it in a long time.
But I was like, uh-oh, but English is in class session.
Yep.
My English teacher's here.
And I've been bad at English.
Are you hoping he, like, papples you?
Yeah.
Cheap me after class, Professor Clean Cut.
I would do it in class, man.
Teach me, teach me some English.
Professor, uh, Professor Clean Cut.
Teach me, teach me some conjunctivitis.
Teach me how to conjugate my...
Your eyeballs?
No.
Uh...
Where you been, DeMorge?
Tell us about your travels.
I actually haven't been traveling a whole lot.
I've just been working a lot.
It gets to this time of year and people want to get stuff done
before people start disappearing for holiday.
So I've just been shooting a bunch of stuff,
little short films here and there.
And then also Channel 101 ends in October.
And so, uh, from the end of October to about the middle of October,
or the end of September to middle of October,
there were just project after project of people
trying to slam and get something done.
It's like Sweeps Week, kind of.
Yeah.
I mean, Kill the Baby, uh, which Aaron was also.
And we finished with, like, a finale,
which was, like, a 20-minute finale.
And, you know, people have lives and things,
so everybody only shoots on the weekends.
And there you go.
So Saturday, Sunday, Saturday, Sunday,
Saturday, Sunday, Saturday, Sunday.
You ever had a scrub?
I have been to the Wii Spa.
I have never, I've seen that stuff.
I have not gone anywhere near that.
I don't have any interest in that.
I have an interest, but I'm so scared.
I am, like, looking into Sauron's eye.
But, like, falling in love at the same time.
What danger is this scrub?
When you leave after the whole, when you get the whole kit
and kaboodle, when you leave there, you feel,
it's like, it's a crazy euphoria, kind of feeling.
Because your butthole's been titillated.
Because you just got your, like, prostate jam.
Your butthole shines like a new dime.
Oh, my God.
Somebody else could look into your butthole
and see themselves.
See, I just, but I equate all that stuff,
like, there's always, like, Chris McKenna would,
for the writers, if we were working them too hard,
he'd, like, hire a masseuse to come
and, like, set up in a spare room
and, like, the writers have been up all night.
Love massage.
No, I won't even do that.
Shirt on massage, I won't even do it.
Because it's, like, I'm so insecure
that the idea of a professional person,
like, who has, therefore,
seen the widest range of people
and touched them all,
it doesn't really make any logical sense,
but I'm just, like, oh, they're going to definitely know
for sure that I'm a bad person.
Which is how I feel.
I'm also about prostitution,
like, when people go, like, well,
if you're lonely
and you say that you're not
going to be able to have sustained relationships,
why are you talking about getting mannequins?
I have to catch up with you with this stuff.
But, like, why not,
why not go to Las Vegas
and engage in your legal right
to, I don't know, are you kidding me?
Never. That would be the last thing I did
after I skydiving.
Like, I would never, like, trying heroin.
Like, I would
heroin I'd try first.
And then, let's get back to that.
But, like, the idea
of a sex worker,
like, I, it's like,
I'd be like, you she knows for sure,
like, how my dick
places on the, like, size chart,
and also just, like,
every love handle, every hair,
it's just like, I've seen it all
and here's where you are
and she'd be thinking it. I bet her thoughts are more like,
I know, well, that's,
yeah, but that's, that's part of the problem.
I guess I can't, like,
I'm not confident enough to,
like, like, the idea, because you'd know the whole time
you'd be like, well, for sure she'd rather
be somewhere else.
That's, like, the, that would never,
I would never be able to do anything.
Spencer, would you get a scrap?
Sure, yeah. From a prostitute?
From, only from a prostitute.
Yeah.
Spencer doesn't give a fuck.
I've, I've hired prostitutes
to wash me, just because
I can't reach all the time.
The ship's horn, like, the ship's fog horn.
That's for the sound effect.
I wanted after that one.
I knew this, I knew the sound.
I just, you know, it's like the fog,
the fog had rolled in.
The fog of, yeah.
It's just something that goes with, yeah.
But it just has to bone out in a bit.
We should get this started.
Yeah, well, yeah, come on dudes, I got a bone out.
Everybody's saying it.
On this show, probably like three times a show.
That's the, that's the ad for Creepshow 2.
And they got that, like, we're going to bone out.
Like, all the, when the people are.
December, everyone's bonein' out.
It does, it's all inside.
We should bring up one person
and let's make it a crassly
gender, gender balancing
casting decision.
Well, bringing up one woman is not going to balance
out the stage.
I'm, okay, let's nitpick semantics,
but also let's get a young lady
or an old lady. Why a young lady?
Why didn't I say that? No, the youngest lady.
Let's get, no, let's get to.
I want all the women to organize themselves
via birthday.
If there are any in the same year,
we'll do it by
month.
Oldies up front, youngies in the back.
My politeness gland, like, kicks
in because I get so nervous when I'm talking
about, like, anything where I'm like, you're outside
your safety zone, you're going to say something
wrong. I was like, I was calling, I was just
like, oh, young lady, and that's like, there's
times when that's so, like, creepy sounding.
Anyways.
Yeah, anybody
interested in.
Somebody heart attack with our zip story
or would you like to come up?
Well, I, well, we had
someone raise her hand and then
so it's not
it's not, it's not.
Well, that got immediately awkward and strange.
Would you, would you, would you be willing
to come up? You raised your hand. Okay, yeah.
Pimple Pumper or hand raiser? Oh, hand raiser.
Pimple Pumper, of course hand raiser, obviously.
Well, because she was first.
Not, not because Pickle person
was a bad person at all. That's fine
what Pickle person did, but
but she raised her hand first. What is your name?
My name is Cassie. Cassie, hello. Hello, Cassie.
Cassie. Thank you for joining us.
I think that should be enough people. It's okay, I really
just came up here because I wanted a water. Can I get one of those? Oh, yeah.
Are you using us for our bottled water?
I thought about using my hand just to ask for it, but this is
a great opportunity. Well, would you like to leave
and let the Pickle lady come up? Oh, okay.
What's that? Happy, happy to be here.
Okay, okay, good. All right.
A little, a little under sold.
I did want you to just like, grab that
and then go back.
You would have, you would have really
won the tournament. Just go, just right at the side door
and just leave. Oh, was I supposed to take one?
Yeah. There's one for Demourge
and then, yeah, basically
Right. And so that character is Dr.
Friend, I believe, right? Yes.
He's like a, he's kind of like a mob doctor
archetype. He's the guy who patches us up.
Come here.
Man, why'd you make me the fucking troll? And he's a future cleric.
He's a troll, right?
I think he's a troll. Look at all the equipment.
Oh, he's a troll. Middle Ditch is an avid gamer
like that kind of makes you feel bad because
he had a, he's, he's, he has like a game
going with, like a real
people who sit down and really game. He's doing
Call of Cthulhu and now he's doing, he just started
Gers, man. We're all Gers, man.
And I asked Thomas
while we're shooting Harmon Quest, could I, you know,
could I join your group? He's like, no.
Yeah. That's, that's, that's good.
Well, the death knell to any good gaming group
is accepting new members. Yeah.
Suddenly you have like a tight group of four and then
you're like, yeah, so and so doesn't come, yeah, schedule
and get some vault. It's over. Nope.
That was, that's why it was both admirable and it was
like, fuck, then you really want in, you know,
like, oh man. And so it's a candy
store and it's locked.
Close candy store. It's fucking insane.
With only windows.
And sounds of kids enjoying candy.
What does that sound like?
Wow.
All right. Well, I'm starting to not
want to get into the candy store.
No, no, we've all seen spotlight by now.
It's just.
Kathy, you're playing whom?
My name's Erin McGathy.
Yeah.
Can we, can we have it dead?
Den.
Maybe a bad pitch.
Can we have her play as just Erin McGathy
play?
No, that's, she's, uh, she's Aaron's character.
It's just that, that clip.
That five second clip is like such a
out of context would be such a
weird thing to like send to Aaron.
She'd be like, what are you doing?
Oh, I don't know.
She's like.
Um, all right.
So Spencer, what do you think about
life and, uh, Isis?
Overrated.
Both of them.
I agree.
Don't worry about that.
All right, Spencer, do we need it?
I've been away from Shadowrun for like
a couple of months, it feels like.
So let's just, uh, where, where were we
when we last left off? Do you have a recap
Our guest recap was written by
no one, you fucking assholes.
Not you guys.
You guys on the live crowd are fine.
It's internet people I'm mad at.
Okay, Spencer, I'm going to play the
some music and you're going to give us a brief recap.
All right.
Yeah.
Last time on Shadowrun.
Our heroes return to their
mission to store quests
to find the MP3s.
They brought them all back.
Accomplishing their
mission.
Back at the bar.
They assailed a woman the second she walked
in the door.
Not letting her drink.
Bothering her with questions
and then raping her mind.
Eventually
they pulled a quest out of her.
Finding
the whereabouts
of her lost daughter
last seen
at flesh to fresh
a support group for ghouls
survivors of the HMHVV
disease.
They're still there in that tavern
bothering the lady.
On Harmon.
Had we agreed on a price to bring your
I think there was a price agreed on.
What was the woman's name?
Peggy, right?
I don't know.
Well, right.
Peggy,
what's your daughter's name?
Jim.
She's truly outrageous.
Is she a ghoul trying to get
fresh again?
She's a ghoul.
They have this craving for flesh.
Dead flesh.
Not living flesh.
They don't want to eat you.
They want to murder you and then eat you.
They can handle it
with therapy and stuff.
She's been trying to control her urges
and she's been making good progress.
Will she stop being a ghoul
or should she stop eating dead people?
She'll just stop eating dead people.
A ghoul is just a person with a disease.
It's a condition.
Is future Trump running
for president? Can we just build a ghoul wall?
I'm asking you
to find my daughter, not prevent her
from getting to me.
Sorry.
That's just classic Dr. Friend humor.
Spencer,
what's our
hack eye? Is hack eye with us or no?
Hack eye is at the bar, yeah.
Let's remember to take him with us this time.
I walk over to hack eye
and say, hey, can you get a
location on Jim?
No.
I'm gonna go to flesh to fresh.
Okay. Thanks hack eye.
My name's not hack eye. I'm Jim Nightblade.
No, I know that.
I was thanking hack eye for bothering him.
Would it be out of the border
for us to call in Uber
and proceed to the club?
The flesh to fresh has been
explained up and
disappeared.
That's one of the reasons it's been so hard
to find traces of the daughter.
The place just
up and vanished.
Well, who in this town's got a
vendetta against ghouls?
The town of, where are we? New
Berlin? New Los Angeles?
New Seattle.
Now hold on a second.
Who was that? Was that Piggy talking?
Oh, that was me.
No, that was the DM reminding
Horde Guard of the past.
Oh, wait,
I'm sorry, I apologize,
but the building didn't
disappear, it was just all the people.
Well,
no, I mean, the building got blown up.
So it kind of disappeared.
Oh, so it didn't get...
What a childlike description of
explosions.
So the place just got
raised and eradicated and demolished. Seems
that way. Is there a body count?
Oh.
You know, there wasn't one labeled, but
explosion that size,
it wasn't an explosion.
Yeah, yeah.
It was more of a fire,
but had to have some
casualties. Were there police
outside, because then we know it's at least 500?
Oh, there's always police.
It's a good callback,
Erin McGathy.
Gathey.
Well,
in this,
are there skills like
streetwise or anything like that?
I have a contact with the mafia,
so I could ask some questions, possibly his,
reasonably loyal.
There's both of those things. Yeah, there's contacts and...
I have contacts with gang members
around town.
All of you should probably have contacts.
Oh, yeah. Just the lenses.
I look around the bar,
Spencer, and I try to see
if I can locate any of my gang contacts, or
the gangs that I know. No one
in any gangs you know are in the bar right now.
I do the exact same. I'm looking
for a fellow named Ritz.
Hank and Hawkeye are the only guys
in the bar. Oh, and Peggy.
I'm going to place a call on the future phone
to
my friend Phil, a loan star.
Okay. But I'm going to kind of keep it
secret from these guys, because I don't want them to know that I was a former
loan star.
I'm a precog, and I'm anticipating that
Jim Nightblade might make a call
to the loan star.
But I will keep this
to myself,
because I'm not stupid.
It's good. That's good. Okay.
Beep, boop, beep, beep, beep.
Oh, low!
What is that?
Is that Jimmy? Yeah.
That's my name.
As of now.
What was it again? What was the old one?
Yeah, that's all back during
Steeped Mystery. All right.
So listen, you got to lie.
What do you know about the
Flesh to Fresh Company?
Oh, those clinics?
Oh, man.
Those Ghoul clinics, they've been popping up all over.
They're real, real,
real meat markets.
I tell you what.
Say, what do you mean?
They don't just engage in the product
as advertised. Oh, they do.
They offer all sorts of services
like flesh replacements
and flesh treatments
and also brain
zapping.
To make people not ghoulish?
They do all sorts of stuff, but
it's been said, you know,
they have ties to the Chinese mob.
China?
I just said that for no reason.
I'm sorry.
Just thinking about China.
Bring back our jobs.
So, all right, Phil.
Thank you very much. Thanks.
Bye now.
Bye.
I feel like I'm kind of stupid sometimes.
Why don't we just go into the place
because as you said,
it just got blown up.
There's places opening up all over.
Should we go to the wreckage of the place
and kind of look around for evidence?
We could do that.
Ironically...
Not as funny anymore.
I understand.
Yeah, well,
we could go to a crater and poke around.
They have ties to the Chinese mob.
Should we go and investigate local Chinese mob hangouts
and do some surveillance on that?
You know, just the place.
Don't I?
Let's find out.
Yeah, no.
I mean, you have all sorts of connections.
Yeah, you're a doctor. You've probably worked with a Chinese mob
before, Dr. Friend.
Inconclusive medicine, but I know the types.
I didn't ask you to judge their medical skills.
Well, it's a bit of a hocus pocus
and tiger blood, etc.
It's a very sweeping statement
to make out about...
disgusting filth, really.
We're fighting at the...
Not very much of a friend, are you?
Dr. Friend's a little racist.
I'm saying, like, you're a doctor.
Have you ever treated any of the Chinese
mafiosis before?
No, once. Back in the 80s.
The 3080s.
It was a call
I hope never to receive again.
They held a gun to my head
and said, fix him, fix him.
Those are the only words they knew.
That's it?
That's handy.
It was, extremely.
What condition was the patient in?
Oh, gunshot wounds, you know.
Criminal stuff.
I remember his name
exactly.
It was...
David.
The Chinaman.
David McChinaman.
Oh, it's only been
3,000 years it should be easy to track him down.
Yeah.
What, are we in the year 6th?
No, no. I fucked that part up.
It's okay. I'm not a smart guy.
I'm here because I do the
sneakies and the creepies.
We know, we know.
Dr. Friend, do you know
a Chinese mob hang out nearby?
Yes. The Golden Hole.
It's a nano-opium den.
All kinds of unsavory type
thing out there. I was so scared
that part of that name
would end up being
inappropriately Asian, but
boy, it just turned out to be
just Golden Hole.
Golden Hole.
It's as if the people who named the restaurant
in the middle of naming a
tailspin in white guilt
and just bailed.
The Golden Hole
and the entryways through the back.
Should we take the hover van?
Yes.
Is the Golden Hole by pump?
Yes, it's by pump, which is still
raging. Still pumping.
Still pumping. Well, we usually
franchise. There's one here in New Seattle now.
We usually take Neo Ubers
where we need to go.
I've already called Ubers, so it should be
outside right now.
Hong Kong.
Impatient as ever.
Shotgun.
So we're going to the Golden Hole
to talk to the Chinese mob.
Dr. Fritzen, I have a question. Did David
the Chinaman make it?
Oh, yes. What do you take me for?
Some kind of Chinese doctor?
Thomas Middleditch has to leave,
everybody.
I think he would have wanted
that to be his closer.
He's got an early call
time.
Thank you so much, man.
Thank you.
Yeah, if you like Silicon Valley
and then you'll appreciate him leaving,
they could be bright, bright, bright
and bushy for it.
Well,
we're kind of going to miss
his intel.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Oh, yeah, but just in general,
also the show's just going to take a fucking nose
dive now. He had energy.
Contrary to his name,
that guy is like an extreme
ditch
of entertainment.
It's a definitive
like, there's nothing
like...
See?
All right.
Should we stop the Shadowrun game there
because he left?
Or should we just say that he fell down
while I didn't continue to...
I mean, we have a lot of show levels.
No, yeah, but I thought...
I did something experimental.
I moved the Shadowrun game to the middle of the show.
I didn't expect to play. We're contractually forbidden.
Allegedly.
Although I'm not that scared about the
enforcement of that rule. I don't think anyone really cares.
It's just lawyer stuff.
But we are supposed to just play for like 10 minutes
and always...
I think what happened there was a nice little tee-up to us
playing a proper round next night show.
Yeah.
I think we'll be diminishing our tracks.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you can stay up here.
Cassie is in it.
Yeah.
We've got a new friend up here. We've got DeMorge.
We've got Handsome DeMorge.
The Handsomest.
DeMorge was always Handsome, but now we have
Naughty College Professor.
Liberal...
Liberal College Professor with his
inappropriate
jokes that he makes in the margins of your essays.
This
was pretty good for someone with such
nice gams.
A run-on
sentence from you. Come on.
You're so pretty.
I
had to talk about
office hours.
Yeah.
Office hours, indeed.
Cassie, where'd you grow up?
Columbus, Ohio.
Oh, yeah? That's where my mom was born.
Me, too.
Your mom
was born there as well? No.
Sorry.
I think you might have to eat that, Mike, Cassie.
What? Oh, there we go.
Put it closer than you think was appropriate.
Okay.
Yeah. Oh, by the way, also, if you get uncomfortable,
you can leave. I always say that to everybody.
Regardless of the context.
But, yeah, what is it?
Tell us more about yourself. Are you visiting
Los Angeles? No, I live here. I live in
Koreatown. All right. Well, I live in
Koreatown, too, when I first moved down here. That was
my first neighborhood. Yeah, that's how I am.
That just moved out here, and it's really cheap, because
I'm the only white, so. Right.
And it's not
for that reason, but it's a little
scary over there still, isn't it?
Oh, yeah. No, it's not that bad.
I mean, I've only heard, like, one gunshot,
so I feel like that's pretty solid.
What's the reason, I mean, like, don't
give us your address, but, like, what corner
are you near? I'm, like, right
next to, like, Wilshire
and Mariposa. Okay, yeah.
I lived there, like, 9th and Serrano,
back in the, like, early, mid-90s.
And at one point, the LAPD
called it the most dangerous neighborhood in Los Angeles,
and it was gunshots every night.
And, like, not just a couple, but, like,
Wild Wild West, Beirut kind of said.
It must have changed since then, right?
You got held up,
and I've already told the story.
In the short time I was living there,
and this is almost kind of a separate thing,
because it's, like, when a homeless person kills
another homeless person, it's sort of, like, that's just,
that's not a neighborhood thing.
It's, like, oh, that's, like, oh, my god,
there's so many homeless people. Nature.
This is, like, a homeless
population thing, like,
but, like, yeah,
like, a homeless guy killed another homeless guy,
like, in the, like,
in my backyard, essentially, except there was
a fence between my backyard and the area
where the homeless would congregate.
Not exciting news,
but Koreatown, like,
sounds,
sounds a little more fun than
it was back then, anyway.
It's really nice. I mean, there are some good bars,
and there's really good food, and it's really cheap,
which is cool, because I'm super poor.
Yeah. Yeah.
What do you want to do to get rich?
Oh, I'm a healthcare designer.
Okay.
That's a combination of words
I've never heard in my life.
So, that's just, like, you can just,
you just, you, designing, like,
like, programs, like, like, like...
No, no, no, no, designing, like, places where people
receive care for their health.
Oh, like, designing hospitals, like, floor plans?
Yeah.
So, like, not an architect, but...
Well...
And not an interior decorator.
Like, in between there is, like,
somebody really important that's going, like,
put the triage unit here,
if somebody runs into their arms cut off,
like, they can, you know, scientifically
figuring out how to lay out...
Yeah, it's stuff like that. Yeah.
Yeah. I work for an architecture firm,
and I'm an interior designer at that architecture firm.
So, people build places, and then we make sure
they have walls and stuff.
Give us some, like, what's a,
what's like a, what's a term
that only healthcare designers know
that's, like, the next time we're in a hospital,
we can sound like a,
like, the equivalent of feng shui,
but for a healthcare designer, we can look,
like, if I go in it, because I cut my pinky off,
and I'm, like, I'm feeling like I'm being brushed off,
that I can just, at least
in my tirade, I can go,
look, you think I don't know what the fuck's going on here?
This place doesn't even have an open
alpha way.
You know how fucking dangerous
that is?
Like, just give me some ammo.
Um, everything
is in acronyms, so you could probably just
make up acronyms for, like, what happened to you,
you're, like, I cut off my pinky,
so it's, like, I-C-O-M-P.
Everything is acronyms.
If you talk to people I work with, I'm, like, oh cool,
what does that stand for? And they're, like,
I don't know.
Just saying, that's good. Okay, thanks.
So you design, like, hospitals, or...
Yeah, hospitals, clinics, you guys know, like...
Is it, it seems to me that
in the structure of those places, there are a lot of
hallways or corridors that are set up
with rooms in them that have no specific
definition, so that they're free
to be changed, like in ICUs or rooms
that become adaptable because
there are eight people on that day who have
to be vertical, uh, and have to be washed
at any time, but there could be zero at that point,
that room could be something else.
Yes. Is that what you mean by putting...
I'm saying that! You, sir, are correct.
What do you mean by putting walls, like, putting walls in a place?
Oh, no, I mean, like, I mean, you have to have walls
in a hospital, but, uh,
I, I don't know, I just do, like,
we do floor plans, we do layouts, we end up picking
all the finishes, making sure that, like, if some
guy throws up on a couch,
it's cleanable.
Is there, is there, like, a, I picture
my picture going to the health care design
job, I picture that there's, like, these
these programs where
you can bring up a floor plan
of a hospital, and then
you can click play on, like, a simulator
and adjust the speed, and what it does
is simulates, like,
injured people, like, particles blowing
in wherever the...
like, it's like when you design cars, and you just, like,
have the air bouncing off the hood,
so that you can design the car to be aerodynamic,
that they just, like, you just, you just
have, like, sick people pouring in
through a, through a, through a dispenser,
and then they're just, like, if they start
hitting, collecting in a corner, and you're like,
well, that's a...
So it's, like, health care tycoon?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But is there any
element that's like that?
No. Okay.
Well, and have you noticed that people keep
getting sick? So maybe...
Maybe...
Do you get as specific as the artwork
in the, in the clinic? Oh, yeah.
Because what is it, what is the fascination
with, like, cock shells? Aqua.
There's lots of, there's lots of seafoam
and aquas, and yeah, lots of moths
in there. Yeah, I think, like,
well, we try to change it, we try to spice it up.
Maybe add in, like, a yellow.
Ooh, Southwest Zest.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it's not ever, like, really up to us.
People are like, no, we want it to be
mint, green, and light pink. That just says
you're definitely sick.
That means you're in
real trouble, Mrs. Johnson.
You know what?
Yeah, if we, if we put bright colors
in the wall, that means you're fine. Yeah, well, you know,
you don't want to create an environment so
unhospital-like that people are like,
I should get out of bed, and they're, like,
ripping out of there. Like, it's a beautiful day out.
I'm at a Burger King.
I want to, I want to go play
on the ball pit. No, ma'am, you have
leukemia.
I do? Look at the walls.
Oh.
Um, but I want to, well,
not to, but like,
because I remember,
I wonder how much of that, like,
because I'm assuming that there's a client
then that goes like, yeah,
we wanted to take a chance, and then you're like, how about
a splash of yellow? And they're like, yeah, but it doesn't feel
hospital-y. And it's like,
there's that, which is like a momentum of, like,
a legacy of, like,
it's like with talk shows. It's like, oh, but he doesn't
have a desk. And it's like, then a desk
becomes a desk, becomes a desk, and somebody
tries a talk show, and I was like, I'm just going to sit
on a flagpole and do my talk show.
I'm, because I'm crazy. And then
everyone's like, yeah, but you're not behind a desk.
And it's like a syndrome.
Versus, like, people
going like, oh, there's been a study that the color
mint makes you, like,
willing to
be cut open. Submit to experimental evidence, yeah.
But does it have to go both ways, then?
I mean, does it, because people work there, too, and do
you want them to feel sick? No, we actually do
try.
Like, we try to make it feel like a home,
because it's like been proven that if you
feel like you're at a home and you're
being well taken care of, then you get
well faster, and we're trying to have more windows,
because if you can see nature, you get well faster.
Whoa, see, that's the kind of
fucking juice we wanted.
Yeah.
Give us that sweet healthcare designer juice.
Yeah, so we'll do, like,
rehab for, like, eating disorders,
but you want it to feel like you just walked into,
like, your friend's home, and you can go,
like, eat their dinner, because you have to eat
when you go there. So we try to make it, like,
welcoming, and everybody, I mean, all this stuff,
it's, like, behavioral health, so you need to go in
and feel like you're not
in an institution. Like, you don't want to go
into St. Asylum because you want to commit
suicide. You want to go somewhere where they're like,
we know. Life's really hard.
But, like, sit in this super comfortable,
bright teal chair and, like,
talk to me about it. Right. But also,
if you try to leave, we'll tackle you.
Yeah. But all the doors are locked.
Right. Do you have to have, for your line of work,
do you have to have, like, a psychological
background? Would you study any psychology?
No, I just studied interior design.
Really? Yeah.
And did you choose this, or did it kind of fall
into your lap, or? It's sort of, I mean,
healthcare happened on accident.
I did, like, a senior thesis as
a hospice, which is a really
weird senior thesis because nobody
really wants to, like, listen to you talk
about how you read all these super depressing books
about people dying of cancer. But,
in conclusion, it ended up, like, getting me my
job. And I just did that because,
like, my mom
was talking to me about this hospice that she
was at, and she's like, it's really nice. Like, this place
is great. And I was like, oh, that sounds like a good senior thesis.
And our professor told us that we should
do things that are, like, nice
for people and not just, like, a new
restaurant, because then we seem like
we're limited. Not like Creepy Professor
DeMorge, who is only concerned
with your legs.
It's starting to sound like healthcare design
is the Christian rock of interior
design.
You're like, well,
there's always a job there
if you can create a, you know, because they need
help. And Christians
need rock, too.
So then you're just like, Jesus
Christ!
Well, South Park
did it.
What was that? There was something, there was something
I forgot. I knew I should have written it down.
There was something
when Middleditch was up here that
and I fucking,
there's no way you guys are going to remind me of what it was,
because it was in my own brain and I forgot
it. Was it your, your lips it?
No, of course it wasn't that.
We're going to talk about that.
So, I'll never remember it.
What was your, like, what would,
do you want to stay doing this for a long time?
So that's what you would like.
Yeah, this is like, probably just going to be me
for eternity. That's fantastic. Look, good for you.
You actually went to school, studied a thing and found
the niche that you wanted to be in. That's very cool.
Yeah, yeah. I originally went for like
Friends at Chemistry and then I decided that I wasn't going
to go to med school so the government could pay me salary
to cut open some dead people.
I was like, that's just way too much debt. I'll be
an interior designer.
You kids.
Yeah.
So now you're creating the environments where
other people cut open dead people and are
in debt. Yeah.
Yeah, they do get into a lot of debt.
It's pretty much just comes full circle.
Yeah, I do feel bad for, yeah, well
I've already said this. There's millennials.
They really get fucked.
The student debt thing is
crazy. You're welcome,
honey.
I am old enough
to be your dad and I do feel bad, like
about the student debt.
That's all folks.
It's fucking crazy.
It's like a national epidemic. It's crazy.
It's like a scandal because
we just kept going.
When I was in high school, it was
starting to happen when I was in high school.
When I was in high school, my friend
Dave Friedle, he was
in a food service
intern program.
Even though he wasn't the most reliable
guy in terms of turning
his English homework and math
and stuff, he was staying in high school and
he was getting a decent grade point average because
they had a program there that was like for
food service. It was like learning
trade and like part of his high school
diploma was that he would go
and work for a little bit at a restaurant
and then because
he had that program, he ended up being like
he was fucking like, he's had a great
career. Now he's a computer programmer, but just
that professionalism. But they were
yanking those programs the whole time.
Just in those, like everything.
Everything that had anything to do with
middle. It's like you're either going to go
to prison or you're going to go to college is
what everything became. And guess what?
College goes right to prison now.
Because here's your, thank you
for your debt and here's your math and buy.
There's no, so
it's like turns out, yeah, no, you should be
fucking teaching kids piano and you should be teaching
them how to fix cars and you should be teaching
them how to peel a banana. I don't know what you people do.
Um,
I don't know what
did you, did you say stay in
school motherfucker? Trade school.
Oh trade school motherfucker, yeah.
Are there still trade schools?
Oh wait, but aren't those like kind of fucked
up too though? They're technical colleges
and trade schools. They don't get pushed
by, you know, people who should be
guiding youth. Yeah.
I don't know, I thought I remembered
part of that. Spencer, did you
go to college? I forget. Oh yeah.
What did you study?
Uh, what do you call it?
Bachelors Arts.
So
the art of
uh, oh
no, no, no. I have a nice couch and a turntable
and the Associates Arts.
Okay.
Advanced man caves.
How many years of a higher
education did you get through? More
than you should to get an
Associates of Arts degree.
That's two. I got a degree
on accident. Did I tell you guys
about this? No.
My friend was graduating
from Moorpark College. It's college I went
to. Graduating from Moorpark College
and I was, I was invited so I was
sitting there waiting for him to walk and I
was reading the program showing the list
of the recent graduates and I was like, oh,
there I am.
I must have filled out a form or something
but I just had no idea that I
had done the
degree that I wanted until
I was at the graduation,
which would have been my graduation
if
I was aware of that. That's the same as you
finding out about parties
that were on Facebook after the fact.
Yeah.
That's my whole life.
Oh, this is always fun. Let's bring out Steve Levy.
Steve Levy.
Yeah.
I think
it's important to bring it out because
I think probably some people out there are a
little concerned about you. Oh.
Why? Well, because the last time we saw
you, it was like a movie of the week.
You were really into Vicodin.
Oh.
Was I really into it? Yeah, you were
really into it. You were really drunk.
We thought you had a problem, man. You
looked like a drunk. You were, you
literally kept saying I really love Vicodin
and like, and then you were like, we played
an adventure. I remember
that.
You were just on painkillers, man, right? Yeah.
But you said you had a sip of booze, too,
right? No. No.
No, okay. He hadn't eaten all day
or whatever. Yeah, that's
no good. Same shit. It was no good.
I should get you high. I played your character
in Shadowrun. I heard it.
You did great. Oh, thank you. You
were, you did me proud.
Steve Levy, what would you like
me to change about my life?
Why
do you never ask me these
questions? Oh, man.
I'm more curious though what Spencer was
doing. Because Spencer has more answers to this question we know.
Right, right. You'd like me to be more productive,
right? You'd like me to work.
You don't ask a question and an answer
at 4th again. This is a really hard
question. Hard bottom.
Lose your job
over this answer. You're way, you're way
over committed. You are. And when I look at
our schedule, it's like, holy fuck.
This is exhausting. How is he going to do all
this? Because all I fuck
is mannequin legs.
Do you have any idea?
I just doubled our output.
Yeah.
Um.
I don't know.
And I drink soylent now? I don't
even have to wash a fork anymore.
I know. I just like drink
meals. It's amazing. Wait, you
eat no solid food? Well, I don't
know. I eat whatever I, but I'm
like, when it,
in doubt, like when in doubt,
I don't know. By default
I will, I have a
little meal in a
bottle. Got you.
Right. In a
bottle.
And it's
like 400 calories and it's got all the
vitamins and. But occasionally
you used, you know, eat
food, food. Yeah. And
like the longest I've gone, like just
drinking soylent is two days, but it's
not like, it's not like one of those things where it's like, oh, you have to stick
to this program. Otherwise, this thing won't
happen. It was just, I'm just sort of like, it's like a
protein shake. It's like, yeah, it's, but it's like, so
because like one of the worst things you can do if you're trying to lose
weight is like, is not eat
breakfast because you're not really particularly hungry
when you wake up sometimes. And
what am I talking about? Steve, Steve,
what else would you change about Dan?
Yeah. Come on, get back to this.
What? Fucking the dirt.
You want me to
stop
buying women's clothes from Amazon?
Don't let him answer the question.
I want you to be happy and do everything
that you want to. That's why I work
hard to make sure that happens.
No, come on, you work hard because you
want to run the industry one
day. Well, I don't know. And I want to work for
you.
That's an honor. Steve,
what you
want, we all want Dan, we all want all of our friends
to be happy. What would you
put into place? What would you implement as a
practice or a policy
to help Dan be happier?
Like fun time.
Where like Dan can, like every day
this is your allotted period to do
what the fuck you want. This guy's the best.
I
would hope that would... He just said
we know he plays Minecraft and jerks off
Americans. Does that not... He plays Minecraft
while writing Rick and Morty. So it's like
why would he waste an hour playing
Minecraft when he's doing it all day?
What kind of fun time? Be specific.
I want to have... Hold on here.
I have the issue with this. Yeah, we have this system.
Yeah, I write Rick and Morty for
50 minutes during which there's no cell
phones or anything, let alone Minecraft
allowed, and then every 50 minutes
is a 10 minute break. That's what I play.
No, he's not like writing
with one hand and then playing Minecraft.
I wanted anybody to watch season 3 of
Rick and Morty and be like, must be the Minecraft.
No, no. Work hard.
Must be the Minecraft. Season 3 is going to be
amazing.
Alright, so anyways, good job. You have fun
times. Yeah.
Pitch some... In Spencer,
you can jump in this. Like spitball
some specific fun time activities for
Dent. Like go to the batting cages.
This is good because my therapist is always going,
what do you do to refuel? Because
every day you're out
by 8 a.m.
and then we have
meetings till
11, and then from 11 to whatever
we were writing Rick and Morty, and then
after that there's Harmon Quest
and then it's like, what the fuck
else are you? Like, you have nothing...
And I fuck a mannequin. It's not really...
I do. I really do.
And then you go to bed, hopefully. Well, I sleep
with a baby. Because I'm like, I came...
And you know what I dream about?
Getting up the next day and having
the perfect life. And then I go like, that's not
a dream. I woke up. I'm living
the dream. I'm not
unhappy. Spencer, what would you change about
then? Oh, man.
Come on, Spencer.
I definitely have him wear a suit...
a suit
100% of the time.
Why?
With a deep, with a deep red tie.
Yeah.
Deep red tie. Like Hitman?
Like Hitman. Oh yeah, like the Hitman tie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wait, that's just the tie though.
The name of that track I'm playing is Hitman.
Whoa!
This really did turn out to be an interesting show
after Thomas Biddleditch left
our experiment of having
the A-list guest leave in the middle
of the show. DeMorge, what would you change
about Cassie?
Come on, just say it.
I don't know, man. I feel like you just got to...
You just got to live a little bit
and innovate a little bit. Break some rules,
man. Get in that hospital
and, you know,
I don't know, put a basketball
court in an emergency room
or something.
So racist.
Everybody's got to... Everybody's got to
survive.
All right, sorry. Okay.
Thank you. I have the floor. All right, Cassie.
Do you feel improved? Okay, good. You'll do that.
You'll put a basketball court in there.
Cassie, do you feel like you don't live...
Do you ever, like...
Do you have your own fun time?
Do you live it up in your own time?
Or are you kind of an all about work?
Oh, like, half and half.
You know, I work when I'm supposed to
and then I immediately leave work when I'm allowed to.
And then what do you do to, like, cut loose?
I drink a lot.
Yeah, no, really. What's your spirit of choice?
Uh...
We don't discriminate against alcohol.
I think all of it's really worth it.
Like, last night,
I was just hanging out with my roommate
and we had wine, tequila,
gin, vodka, and then we finished the night
off with two different beers.
Yeah, high school. That's high school.
Yeah, except I had to pay a bunch of money
for all of it.
Yeah, like some guy that you, like, outside the 7-Eleven
and you're like, can you buy us some...
Hey, mister,
can I have a bottle of tequila?
What are you, 12?
Uh, all right.
Dan, what would you change about Steve Levy?
Oh, this is a better question.
Well, here, you got his gums fixed.
Yeah.
You had a problem with his gums.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, he got his way, he was on bike,
and then he had to have them fixed.
I mean, everybody was talking about it.
He called him Crazy Gums.
Crazy Gums Johnson.
We knew his last name.
That's how fucked up his gums were.
I called him Hubba Bubba.
Because of the gum.
Makes sense.
Tell me how to nickname people.
Okay, no, really, when I would change it
about Steve Levy, however,
but this is all under the umbrella of,
I mean, this is perfect,
for the family that we have.
But, it's pretty great.
But, if I was, the things that I worry about
with Steve, that I would like him to be,
like, I think Steve is,
is very,
you're anxious about,
you know,
because you...
I am.
I'm glad we solved that one.
Can I say this?
You lost your dad at a young age,
and you're kind of like,
you're very honest about this,
like, you're very, like,
that threshold of,
like, you feel fragile,
you feel like life is fragile.
Maybe that's, I'm not putting words in your mouth,
but, like, you, you know,
you want people to make right choices
and be healthy, and like,
that's what makes you a good,
like, intrepid assistant.
So, who would change anything about that?
But, I don't want you to go home at night
and be fucking dangerous,
because it's really just random.
Yeah.
I think you hit the nail on the head.
Right. I fixed you, right?
Yes.
But it's not like a note you need to be given.
You know you're stressed out a little bit.
Like, not stressed out.
It's not your personality, but...
No.
You're operating at a cautious level.
Yeah, most of the time, I think.
Well, during last week's show,
I was always a little bit through the roof.
Because you were worried that
your dick was going to come out.
Well...
Oh, in New York? Yeah.
Oh, yeah, because there was, like, liquid and electricity
everywhere, and my dick was out.
Yeah, no.
And there had been a terrorist attack,
and there was SWAT teams everywhere.
Yeah, no.
That's a great origin story for, like,
a superhero or villain.
Like, his dick was out on stage.
And Dan Harmon, well, insecure about not having an act,
becomes Hackman.
Part prop, part blackout.
Oh...
Andy Dick.
I was never aware of the physical hazard
that we were standing in.
I didn't realize there was live current running through.
How do you not realize that you poured buckets
on Dino's head or something?
I did?
I mean, you were pouring...
Oh, I poured water on him.
There was liquid everywhere.
It was a great show.
This...
But boy, oh boy, that other show.
We've fallen into a middle ditch.
All right.
All right, let's turn this thing fucking...
Let's take it to the limit.
Take it to the limit.
I don't even know how many times I've said good.
Yeah, but did you see the thing? Let's do one of those.
All right. You ready?
Let's do the funk music.
Funk music?
Good job. I think we did it.
Good job.
It's that easy.
That's all it takes.
I had a whole picture of my head of, like,
these worm people who were miners.
And they were going to work,
because it was like the...
And it was like a cross-section
that you could see them, like, walking.
They were like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
They got little helmets on.
Show don't tell.
I'm doing it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
They're little yellow jackets.
And they're worms, but they have eyes,
which is dumb, but they have a mining helmet on,
which is also dumb, because...
And they're like, we are the
worm-minor
people.
We...
We do the mining
for the worms.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Well, have you ever
noticed that
worms live in the ground?
Did you think they did
digging on their own? No.
There's an elite
sector of worms
that you never see
that do their digging for them.
My name is Mr. Worm.
I'm the president of all worms.
I like to distribute the wealth
because I'm a socialist.
Because I'm a worm.
And I say,
you get to be a miner
and you are a regular worm.
But in worm society,
miners are like the highest
because it's
a worm society.
All we do is live in the ground.
It makes sense, because
if you do a one-for-one analog
to human society,
the elite are people who
do what? They lay in bed
and read the paper.
And when worms look
at people, that's what we always see.
Why are they doing that?
And you know how when it rains,
all the worms come up?
And when it rains, all those worms
are coming up and they're always going,
like, where did the people go?
Worm society,
it's more complex than you think.
Mucous membranes
protect us from the world.
Our anatomy is a tube.
It's all that you have to lube.
Your food, as it goes to the hood
of your body, the clitoral hood,
comes out when you're in the mood.
You're going to eat, eat, eat, and poot, poot, poot.
All you are is a torus-shaped thing
that's like a sock that eats things.
Nothing's changed.
We have these cells and we used to
have a range of little microns
and we go up to a piece of food
and we get on it and we rub against it
to eat and all these later times
we've got mouths, but all it really is
is that we're rubbing up against the food
by putting it in our mouth.
Because the inside of your intestinal tract
is the outside of your body.
Get it?
Because your butthole connects to your mouth
and it's like a little spout
but it goes straight through like a balloon
and it goes straight through like that.
Your bloodstream needs to be
shielded from the alimentary canal.
If there's a rupture, you get
septic diseases
like the little girl from Poltergeist.
Ladies and gentlemen,
a pronouncement by president
Mr. Worm.
I pronounce the little girl from
Poltergeist, a posthumous hero.
She's a victim not of septic
disease,
but really of the entertainment
industry's refusal to stop
making money.
Poltergeist was such a smash hit
that they refused
to take her to proper doctors
and get her checked out.
I haven't researched this as much as a person
blaming an industry
for someone's death should.
But I'm confident that there's
enough things going on in this news cycle
that this won't blow up in my worm
face.
Plus, who's going to take me
to task? I'm defending a little girl
and I'm
only attacking a system.
You know, if I was like Charlie
Sheen's a jerk then, oh boy.
Oh, the Klaxons
would ring.
I smell clicks
the primates would say.
But I'm just a worm
politician.
Five seconds.
Fuck your mama.
We did it.
We took it to the fucking limit.
We took it to the limit of endurance.
Are you thinking you could do better than that?
Maybe if we took it to the limit.
Peach Cobbler
takes it to the limit of the tiny square.
It's allotted in your TV dinner.
All that means is it sits there
where it's supposed to.
Take it past the limit.
That's what heroes do.
Astronauts take it to the limit
when they approach the atmosphere
and burn up and fall down.
Excuse me.
What?
What are you people
ever sensitive about?
You are out of your
goddamn hive mind.
You are the most
reflexively sweaty
fucking anxiety driven
homeschooled fucking insects.
Your fucking generation
is going to
die
together
all at once.
Because you're not going to be able to
funk and process.
You're going outside the limit.
There's limits here.
I love you.
Oh.
Oh yeah. Plus you're racist.
Apologize
to DeMorge.
You guys
are always talking about how easy it is
to apologize. Why don't you ever
do it?
Apologize to DeMorge.
Eh. Sounds fake.
DeMorge, accept their apology.
I don't know man.
It's been a long life.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm on his side.
You guys are fucks.
All right. Let's take it through
the limit.
Laterally.
You don't take it through the limit by going forward.
You turn left and you fucking
right through the bloodstream out of the pore.
Whoa, that's supposed to be in me.
Well, I took it to the limit.
Says the thing that flew out of you.
Like a bot fly.
Okay.
All right. Give me a...
Be quiet for a second. Let me figure out
what you should give me.
Give me a type of
wood.
Ash. I heard ash.
And birch.
Okay. Ash and birch.
Two normal pieces of wood, right?
Put them together. What do you get?
Two pieces of wood.
Oh, okay.
Find out.
Give me number three.
Yeah.
I'll fucking ask.
I'm the thickest wood.
I got my roots in the ground.
I need some more wood to pull them down.
When I go outside
I'm part of a biosphere.
So you open wide.
I got... I'm birch.
And I'm here to say my
bark is white, but I rule the day.
I...
I like golf and mayonnaise
and the analogy
should be clear today.
Yo, I don't kill
me.
Ash. Calm down.
You're being
belligerent.
And I will call security.
Oh.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to feel bad.
You just got frightening.
My name is Sam.
Gerald.
Sam Ash?
Sam Ash.
Do you have guitars next door?
Yes.
I didn't know that you were
actually a piece of wood.
I thought you were a human being.
I'm...
You don't know me.
You make great guitars, though.
Thank you.
It must have been hard for you to say.
I have a lot of insecurities.
Are we still doing anything?
This got fucked up.
I know when...
Yeah, that got fucked up.
Let's bail on that.
That didn't work.
I thought I was going somewhere...
No, no, no.
Nope.
When you said it, the guy's name was Sam.
How subconsciously are you aware
that right across the street from our theater
is a Sam Ash guitarist?
I don't know. Who cares?
I care. That's fascinating.
There are wars. I don't know.
There, I did it again.
What?
That's amazing. Do it again.
Licorice whip.
Glass tumbler.
One more.
Sandy Nelson.
No, come on. That's horrible.
All right.
Glass tumbler was great, though.
Thank you.
You should rap battle Steve.
No.
Steve, do you ever listen to
Public Enemy or Flavor Flav?
He was kind of the hype man.
He was kind of like,
Yeah! Yeah, boy!
We just kind of do that a lot.
I vaguely.
You know the concept of a hype man, right?
Yeah.
What could you be my hype man?
I'm asking you.
All you have to do is just be...
You want a den to be happier.
Right.
You don't have to rhyme.
You just have to come in and say,
Yeah, that's what he's saying.
Did you hear him? I don't think you heard him right.
You just repeat him.
There's more coming now.
There's more coming next.
If you hear a rhyme coming,
I fuck you in the foot and I fuck you in the mouth.
I fuck you to the north and you can go south with him.
Don't worry about that. Don't let that distract you.
So a lot of work.
I'll pay you extra.
You don't need to pay me.
I'm down for the adventure.
I think you pay him according to the amount of hype
he brings.
And you can also just say random things too,
but just affirm me.
The idea of a hype man is that
otherwise I'm just alone and it's like,
Oh, that guy's crazy.
He's talking about the government being bad and it's like,
Wait, who's this other guy?
This other guy agrees with him and is saying,
Wait, he has friends and he has hype.
I might come in with an R&B
like hook.
Oh, yeah.
Like a Rihanna.
So like a refrain.
Okay.
And then a Demorge.
What's a Demorge doing this?
Demorge is going to sit there and think about soccer.
What about Spencer?
Spencer?
I don't know.
Spencer and or Demorge.
Both of you guys,
if you feel the moment to kind of add in a
sample, like a
ask not what your country can do.
Like if you want to throw in one of those
like kind of like quote sample kind of
things on top of the track.
Okay.
So this is called clusterfuck.
All right.
You ready to go from top of your head or do you want?
Yeah, I don't think this is just this thing worked.
I thought it was pretty bold to pick
two types of words.
Well, and I was also, I got impressed.
Oh, the birch is the white guy.
But then I was like, wait, oh, Ash is,
oh, no, that's not good.
And I got self-conscious.
And then that started to feed back into me.
I was like, wait, do I have to mitigate how this guy's talking?
And I was like, I lost the character and everything went off the rails.
I thought your character development was quite rich
in tapestry.
I felt very quickly racist and I just bailed.
Okay.
All right.
So we now bring you to close out our show.
We've got Dan Harmon on the mic.
All right.
Steve Levy on Hype Man.
Oh, I forgot.
Cassie on possible R&B hook.
Okay.
And Demorrage and Spencer on possible sample bits.
All right.
Click your head.
You guys are excited about this?
Okay, now, Steve.
Now, Steve, when this beat starts,
Hype Man
and Women across the world,
when the beat starts, it's your job to get this,
to get hands and air and maybe
in a fashion that maybe they don't care
about their hands being in the air.
You can play.
Okay.
I've been to a bar mitzvah.
Take it.
Ladies and gentlemen.
He turns 13 today.
You're a mayor.
And
rap aficionado
Dan Harmon.
In your face.
Save your applause for Armageddon.
I'm coming to your head and I'm not forgetting
what you all did to me 100 years ago.
I fucked your mama so hard.
I made it snow.
The flakes come out
and your dad's a wussy, but I don't mean that
in a homophobic way.
I respect him, but he's also gay.
But he joined in
and then we both went out for din din
and he's got good taste
and he's a good person.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
This guy's the fucking best.
Yeah. I love you.
Here's another thing about lasers in time.
I fucked your mama with a squeeze of lime.
I put the orange juice in
and it tasted bad because too much
citrus shouldn't be combined like that.
It'll give you the stomach ache.
Heartburn is gonna
make your heart break.
One heart doesn't burn.
A motherfucking heart will make you learn.
I put your mama on a plate.
I brought your daddy in
and brought out a roller skate.
I said, sit on that and roll that way.
And I fucked your mama because again
your dad's gay.
But he did a great job skating
and he's good and his demographic
is more patriotic
because he earns more money
and he's a good person.
Yeah.
Uh...
Yeah. It's so great.
You're fucking killing it.
This guy.
I'm a white guy.
Uh...
Yeah.
It's only a two-minute track so I have to keep doing that
when it goes to the end.
You're...
Hello?
MC Godzilla.
MC Godzilla's on the stage.
Hello?
I'm a giant lizard from the bottom of the sea
and the Japanese have angered me.
Watch out!
Up in the shores of Tokyo
and I'm breathing fire and you know how I go.
I got down on this building
and that army comes.
I don't give a fuck.
I zap your tanks with the lasers
into my eye and then I say fucking thanks.
Go back to the ocean.
Oh shit. It's a moth.
Little Japanese ladies call it off.
Moth.
And I fucking such monster.
And cough.
Hype me.
I need hype.
Hype me up.
Hype me. I need hype.
There is Godzilla.
And it's all done.
He's doing the same thing.
What?
No.
You're doing so well.
Thank you.
He's good.
Hype me up.
Yeah!
It's done.
Anger and fury.
Wrapping so hard.
Wrapping on the mic.
My glass shards coming out of my ass.
Cutting your ass.
Cutting up your ass.
Get a real pilot.
Give me a second.
He means well.
He's not the traditional Hype man.
He's...
He's not an enabler.
He's enough of a Hype man to know
that sometimes the MC
needs guidance.
It's not...
It's not the most popular decision
he could make.
And now this horrible news
from Tokyo.
A large lizard-like creature
identified as Godzilla has approached
the city such as...
Here, spend your sample.
Read my lips.
No new...
No new taxes.
Godzilla.
Go to the bank.
What you gonna find?
Got pennies in the vault.
Put the rich man's out there.
R&B hook.
R&B hook from Cassie.
Godzilla.
Oh yeah.
And Godzilla fucked your mom
because your dad is super gay.
Godzilla.
Well,
it's all over here.
I'm gonna take it from here and put it over here.
Robin Hood.
Yeah.
Yeah, throw your hands off.
There's a point where Hype becomes
distracting.
I was in the middle of a point.
It just started.
Starting over.
Well, it's over here.
You gotta take the money and put it over here.
Oh shit, Godzilla.
Godzilla's coming.
It's terrible to have to work in this environment.
I understand.
There are some people that have podcasts
where they're just one person in their living room.
Lively.
Duncan Trussell doesn't do this shit.
And he makes money. His Amazon portal's like
Cha-ching.
Oh, cha-ching.
Is that a racist phrase?
Or is it a cash register sound?
You wouldn't be amazed if you look into this shit.
When you Google it,
I fucked your mama so hard she got spaghetti for a tit.
So why is your tit a doodle?
You don't want to talk about Google.
I said,
yo, yahoo and main, fuck you.
I was just trying to do the etymology of cha-ching.
She's like, where you going?
I said, I'm going to the store.
She said, I'm gonna follow you then.
I gave it space and I went through it.
And I saw her tit and I was like,
oh, alright.
Oh, yeah.
Final two minutes.
Final thoughts, final thoughts.
You're about to get Swifty.
Alright.
Okay, alright.
Let's get Swifty.
Okay, alright, okay.
Swifty made a human skin.
Everybody has a soul within.
You got a big bright light when you go home.
Let's go snoop.
Sleep tight because your daddy's going to roam away.
And we all don't have fathers,
but that shouldn't make a bother
because we're all brothers
and we know to stay together.
I fucked your mama so hard I made feathers fly out.
Over pillow ass pussy.
Sorry.
It's not the time for that.
Women and people got to respect that.
They got to raise the children for us.
I'm Snoopy-D-Doop, but doopie-doopie-doop.
I'm driving on the Snoopy-Doop bus
gonna pick up passengers
and we're all us.
Gonna take you to the stop, take you to your school.
I've got the Snoopy-Doopie-Doop bus.
I've got the Snoopy-Doop bus.
I've got every Snoopy-Doop bus
and I'm here to say,
I like to drive the Snoopy-Doop bus.
I've got the Snoopy-Doop bus.
Diarrhea!
Snoop, Snoop, a Snoopy-Doop.
Final thoughts.
We're all people inside.
Open up your soul and open it wide.
I'm gonna put my education in there.
I'm gonna fuck your mama so hard
she's into the air.
My dick sprung and she flew up
like NASA.
Sup.
20 seconds.
Space.
Exploration.
Why'd we stop spending money on all that?
Let's get on
to the Snoopy-Doop bus.
10 seconds.
Don't privatize space.
Are you fucking crazy?
These people are gonna make McDonald's on the moon.
Now we move to Julian.
Thank you for coming to Harmon's Town, everybody.
Thank you for boarding the Snoopy-Doop bus for the night.
Let's hear it for Kathy, everyone.
Kathy.
The underutilized that love the Kathy.
DeMorge Brown.
Steve Levy, the hype man.
Stevie Fleve.
Chris O'Crypton.
Also the guy, Zac McKeever.
This is Marshall Kris Boruff.
Everybody else back here helping us melt down.
Thomas Middleditch.
Oh!
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor and MC, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Snoopy-Doop.
Now we go to a news report from Winnettka, Illinois,
where the Snoopy-Doop bus
has wrecked at the side of the freeway
and is spitting fire at this very moment.
Thanks, guys.
Very fast, take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.